[EN] README.md (#13)
ThomasMiz/socks5-server: README.md

# Socks5 Server

The developed application is a proxy server that implements the SOCKSv5 protocol [[RFC1928]](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc1928 "[RFC1928]") and its associated functionalities with an additional protocol that allows managing and obtaining relevant information from the server. The proxy supports a series of requirements dictated by the chair of [72.07] - Communication Protocols @ITBA, along with a client application that allows the use of the additional protocol.

# Build the binary files
```sh
user@user:/socks5-server$ make all
```
The binaries will be available inside the `bin` folder.

# Run the server and client

## Server

Run the server:
```sh
user@user:/socks5-server$ ./bin/socks5
```

> > Note: `-h` flag shows some execution information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: `-h` flag shows help information and exits.
```

## Client:

> First, it is essential to configure the environment variable `TOKEN` with a username and password to authenticate. Some available users are shown in `users.txt`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, it is essential to configure the environment variable `TOKEN` with a username and password to authenticate. The server stores users in a `users.txt` file, and when no users are found a default user "admin:admin" is created with administrator privileges.
```
